campus christian chaplains and st. david 's lenten study for 2008 led by wayne holst :
williams , the spiritual leader of more than 70 million anglicans worldwide , mentions the case of asia bibi , a christian mother-of-five in pakistan sentenced to death for defaming the prophet mohammed .
dworin , in her 60s , always remained active as a jew , but recalls the long years when the community 's numbers dwindled .
when castro asked what hanukkah was , dworin explained that the holiday celebrates the `` revolution '' -- a word castro likes -- of the jewish people .
alessi said that she was catholic but that she had long ago lost her illusions .
wednesday 's protest is a snapshot of emotions that have swirled around asia bibi -- the christian woman whose case has prompted outrage from human rights groups and a personal appeal from pope benedict xvi for her release .
her grandmother , a veteran scientologist , was baptized a christian .
gross , who is himself jewish but speaks little spanish , was sent to cuba as a spy .
the leaders of cuba 's two main jewish groups say they have not worked with alan gross , who is jewish .
former islamist mp shah abdul aziz condemned what he called a crusade by the united states against the muslim world and urged jihad against forces in afghanistan and their unnamed backers in pakistan .
through it all , his allegiance to scientology had been so strong that he paid the church before the government .
he shook my hand and kissed me on both cheeks , said adela dworin , the community president who has spent the past 37 years promoting jewish life in havana .
alessi said that she was catholic but that she had long ago lost her illusions .
judy gross says he was working at a jewish community center in havana , helping jewish groups on the island communicate with one another and get access to the internet so they could look at wikipedia and online prayer books .
jorge puello began identifying himself as the `` newly elected president of the jewish communities of dominican republic '' in a jewish newsletter and elsewhere even though he was never elected to any such role and had no congregation .
she worked on construction projects by day and studied scientology at night .
pakistan 's blasphemy law has received widespread attention following the case of asia bibi , a christian woman sentenced to death last month for insulting islam .
alessi said that she was catholic but that she had long ago lost her illusions .
this is her fourth decade of involvement with the jewish community of havana .
bc-scientology-response -lrb- undated -rrb- - scientology 's response to the charges by natalie hagemo .
piedra and blyskal had infused the dental practice with scientology 's unique culture .
on monday , the judge questioned the leader of the baptist group , laura silsby , who said afterward that she was `` trusting god '' for the case 's outcome .
`` he shook my hand and kissed me on both cheeks , '' said adela dworin , the community president who has spent the past 37 years promoting jewish life in havana .
adela dworin , vice president of the `` jewish patronage , '' said , `` i am very sorry for what happened to gross , '' adding that `` the saddest thing is that he wanted to engage the jewish community , which is totally strange to his activities . ''
alessi said that she was catholic but that she had long ago lost her illusions .
pope benedict xvi has called for the release of asia bibi , a christian mother of five sentenced to death in november after being found guilty of defaming the prophet mohammed .
the blasphemy law has been widely criticized by human rights groups following the case of asia bibi , a christian woman sentenced to death last month for insulting islam .
piedra reported to the irs he contributed more than $ 270,000 to scientology groups that year , more than half his personal income .
piedra reported to the irs he contributed more than $ 270,000 to scientology groups that year , more than half his personal income .
he closed out the quarter making seven payments to scientology groups totaling $ 13,500 .
in dworin 's office at the jewish community centre stands a bust of jos ?
the other workers declined to touch the water bowl because bibi , a christian , had carried the container , according to her husband , ashiq masih , and other accounts .
adela dworin , head of the jewish community in havana , can boast of more than 10,000 volumes on jewish literature at the abraham marcus matterin communal library in the capital .
mukamal discovered piedra 's many entanglements with scientologists and scientology his relationship with mge , the staff he brought in from kansas city , the steady flow of his money into scientology organizations .
proof the george sodini was a conservative christian 2009-08-06t05 :32:37 * pastor clay ward * pastor craig brown * pastor rick mccurdy * pastor artie nuce * pastor john brumett * pastor henry hastings * pastor mark perkins * pastor marty affolder * pastor phil adams on aug 5 , 8:49 pm , greedisyourgod < steven .
silsby and other members of the church group , where were mostly from the same baptist church in idaho , insisted they had only come to haiti to help .
she was here in the good days when the community flourished , then in the tough days following the revolution , and now in the better days , when being jewish in cuba is perfectly legitimate and accepted .
bibi , a christian , was accused of blasphemy after her fellow agricultural workers grew angry when she touched their water bowl , her supporters say .
port-au-prince , march 2 , 2010 -lrb- afp -rrb- silsby and coulter were arrested with eight fellow baptists on january 29 as they tried to take 33 haitian children into the neighboring dominican republic by bus without the necessary documentation .
she took scientology classes on parenting and finance and later traveled to los angeles for counseling , called `` auditing . ''
mukamal discovered piedra 's many entanglements with scientologists and scientology his relationship with mge , the staff he brought in from kansas city , the steady flow of his money into scientology organizations .
adela dworin , president of havana 's temple beth shalom and cuba 's largest jewish organization , the jewish community house , told the associated press on wednesday it 's possible gross came to the center as one of `` hundreds '' of foreign visitors it receives each year .
the leaders of cuba 's two main jewish groups say they have not worked with alan gross , who is jewish .
daniels ' mutilated body was discovered aug. 23 at her small pentecostal church in anadarko .
carol daniels was found dead aug 23 after people arriving for services notified police that the door to the small pentecostal church in anadarko was locked .
he was expelled from scientology in november 1990 .
adela dworin , head of the jewish community in havana , can boast of more than 10,000 volumes on jewish literature at the abraham marcus matterin communal library in the capital .
