" sonic cd " marks the video game debuts of amy rose and metal sonic , both designed by artist kazuyuki hoshino .
in 2006 , mcgraw played jane braun , campaign advisor to presidential candidate arnold vinick , in several episodes of " the west wing " and appeared in an episode of " bones " .
opus was the second " bloom county " regular to appear in the sunday - only " outland " strip , after " outland " 's original protagonist , ronald - ann smith .
in " breaking dawn " he is shown to have developed an unlikely friendship with edward , and attends his and bella 's wedding .
stephen dedalus – the main character of " a portrait of the artist as a young man " .
beginning immediately after " pilot " , " 0 - 8 - 4 " sees skye accept agent phil coulson 's offer to join his s.h.i.e.l.d.
although he considers jetrel a monster , neelix agrees to be examined , and jetrel informs him that he has incipient metremia .
it was destroyed by the x - men , with the help of professor x and the mannite named nina . this takes place during the 1998–99 storyline the hunt for xavier .
7-eleven issued a " god of war iii " poster for pre - orders and sold a kratos ' fury slurpee in " god of war iii " cups .
" the simpsons " is an animated series about a working class family , which consists of homer , marge , bart , lisa , and maggie .
an overdose of aconite was the method in which rudolph bloom , father of leopold bloom in james joyce 's " ulysses " , committed suicide .
beryl is slain when she attacks qualinost and is brought down by laurana wielding a dragonlance .
mordin solus is a salarian , voiced by michael beattie in " mass effect 2 " , and voiced by william salyers in " mass effect 3 " .
mulligan 's most notable film role was as general custer in " little big man " , whom he portrayed as a borderline psychotic .
he is best known for his work as the voice of the master chief in the " halo " video game series .
" the godfather " dvd collection documentary " a look inside , " [ 2001 ] john cazale was given the part of fredo corleone after coppola saw him perform in an off broadway production .
jessie also appears in pixar 's production of " toy story of terror ! "
mezco toyz has also released a screen grab statuette of alice , which depicts the hallucination of jason attacking her from the ending of " friday the 13th " .
in " the lord of the rings " , he was first mentioned in " the fellowship of the ring " as a dúnadan of númenor , elder son of elendil .
in the 2012 " glee " episode " britney 2.0 " , the character of brittany pierce ( heather morris ) performed a cover of the track .
in 2004 he was directed by oliver hirschbiegel in the role of rochus misch in the oscar - nominated film " der untergang " .
green did an impression of the buffalo bill character from the thriller film " the silence of the lambs " during his audition .
in the following fifth series , he was joined by karen gillan playing a character called amy pond .
the 1906 " jewish encyclopedia " states that " son of man " is found in the book of enoch , but never in the original material .
unferth ’s taunt spurs beowulf into action and reignites hrothgar ’s and the people ’s faith in him .
" the fellowship of the ring " opened with a celebration of bilbo 's birthday .
later the same year , she was again hired by fairbanks to play the substantial part of milady de winter in " the three musketeers " .
in addition he is the co - writer of " bill " , a bbc - produced comedy film based loosely around the early life of william shakespeare , which involved the same starring troupe .
harry kim and tom paris ( " star trek : voyager " ) are volleyball players .
" champagne for one " is one of the " nero wolfe " episodes released on region 4 dvd in australia under license by fremantlemedia enterprises .
grossman concurred , writing of " a dance with dragons " , " now the camera has swung back to the main characters : jon snow and daenerys targaryen and tyrion lannister . "
woods was the original voice of the title character of the walt disney animated feature " cinderella " , for which she was named a disney legend in 2003 .
in " dune " , paul atreides and his mother lady jessica flee a harkonnen attack and find refuge among the fremen of sietch tabr .
he also appeared as the king of france in " henry v " , and most recently giles corey in " the crucible " at the same venue .
deutch began her career at the age of 15 in 2010 on the disney channel original series " the suite life on deck " as maya , zack martin 's love interest .
dr. nicholas riviera ( usually referred to as simply dr. nick ) is a recurring fictional character in the american animated sitcom " the simpsons " .
two months after their elopement , heathcliff and isabella return to wuthering heights , where heathcliff discovers that catherine is dying .
in the " hyndluljóð " ( 7 ) he is said to have made freyja 's boar hildisvíni , along with another dwarf , his brother nabbi .
english completed some production on lana del rey ’s single " i can fly , ” alongside rick nowels and s1 which was featured in tim burton ’s 2014 movie " big eyes " .
she is also partially the inspiration for " the west wing " character mandy hampton .
in 2014 , the film biopics on two british scientists ( hawking and turing ) , " the theory of everything " and " the imitation game " , both achieved critical and commercial success .
otto mann is a fictional character on the animated tv series " the simpsons " , voiced by harry shearer .
in " peanuts " , for example , the notes played by schroeder occasionally take substance and are used in various ways , including christmas decorations or perches for birds .
he played the role of jules maigret in the 1932 film " the yellow dog " , directed by his son .
this is contrary to the traditional christian view of the event based on the book of exodus , which contends that god hardened the heart of pharaoh . olyan ( 1993 ) , 26 .
the player controls either sonic the hedgehog or blaze the cat , who differ in terms of special abilities .
many characters in the cyber thriller movie series , " the matrix " exclusively wear mirrored sunglasses , morpheus in particular .
blaine anderson ( played by darren criss ) , a fictional character from the american musical comedy - drama television series glee , is presented as a gold star gay man .
apollo also helped admetus win the hand of alcestis , the daughter of pelias , king of iolcus .
milcah ( " milkāh " , related to the hebrew word for " queen " ) was the daughter of haran and the wife of nahor in genesis .
nothing is known of puddleglum 's life before he appears in chapter 5 of " the silver chair " , where he first introduces himself by saying , " puddleglum 's my name .
in " lenin in paris " he plays paul lafargue .
in 1982 decker created the role of nelly dean in the world premiere of bernard herrmann 's " wuthering heights " at the portland opera .
he also provided the voices of aslan in " the chronicles of narnia " trilogy ( 2005–2010 ) and the titular monster in " a monster calls " ( 2016 ) .
a similar effect has led to the personalisation and " reification " in the discworld universe of mythological beings symbolising abstract concepts , such as death , the hogfather and other anthropomorphic personifications .
he portrayed kyle reese in " terminator genisys " and dc comics villain captain boomerang in the 2016 film " suicide squad " .
" the last airbender " stars noah ringer as aang , nicola peltz as katara , jackson rathbone as sokka , dev patel as zuko , and shaun toub as iroh .
in video games , she voiced jasmine and junko in " " , coco bandicoot and polar in " crash team racing " .
honey ryder , too , was beaten and raped as a teenager by a drunken acquaintance . fleming , ian , " doctor no " ( glidrose , 1958 ) , ch .
his big break came when oliver stone cast him as perdiccas in " alexander " alongside colin farrell and angelina jolie .
douglas gresham , lewis ' step - son , created the name lilliandil for the 2010 film version of " the voyage of the dawn treader " .
" the tempest " has only one female character , miranda .
according to the book of genesis , noah and his three sons shem , ham , and japheth survived the flood aboard the ark , along with their wives .
clear and present danger ( 1994 ) has jack ryan appointed as acting cia deputy director of intelligence , as vice admiral james greer ( james earl jones ) has become sick with cancer .
xavier is first introduced in " x - men " , when he sends storm and cyclops to rescue wolverine and rogue from sabretooth .
in september 2015 , it was announced that alex kingston would reprise the role of recurring character river song for the first time since the 2013 episode " the name of the doctor " .
in the " táin bó cúailnge " , macha and the morrígan similarly appear as larger - than - life figures , yet never described as goddesses .
his first professional role was as rum tum tugger in the andrew lloyd webber musical " cats " , in 1990 - 1991 .
in " the girl with the dragon tattoo " ( 2005 ) , lisbeth salander is introduced as a gifted , but deeply troubled , researcher and computer hacker working for milton security .
in the unfinished adventure " tintin and alph - art " , haddock and tintin visit bianca castafiore at an island villa .
and for gregory peck , who portrayed captain ahab , in the 1956 picture " moby dick " , based on the herman melville novel .
he is a cousin of annabeth chase , a main character of the " percy jackson and the olympians " and " the heroes of olympus " series , who links the two series together .
live production of ian fleming 's " casino royale " , in which pate played the role of " clarence leiter " , opposite barry nelson 's " jimmy bond " .
in his second form , bob resembles baron vladimir harkonnen from the original 1984 " dune " film .
in norse mythology , hraudung was a human king and the father of geirröd and agnar according to the prose header of the poem " grímnismál " from the " poetic edda " .
" evil under the sun " features hercule poirot as the protagonist , unlike the previous game in the series , " " , which had featured poirot as a non - playable character .
she made her european debut in vienna as christine daaé in andrew lloyd webber 's " the phantom of the opera " from 1990 until 1992 .
the scars that ged bears from his encounter with the shadow in " a wizard of earthsea " make tenar realize that he has confronted death in a way that she has never done .
beginning in 2018 , he will be the voice of leonardo in " rise of the teenage mutant ninja turtles " .
starting in 2014 , speer starred as captain treville in " the musketeers " .
she is also known for providing the voice of the piglet in the soviet animation of winnie - the - pooh .
knoxville voiced leonardo in the 2014 film , " teenage mutant ninja turtles " .
although her career spanned many decades , she is perhaps best remembered as the voice of wilma flintstone for the hanna - barbera cartoon " the flintstones " .
in 2018 , turner portrayed a fictitious version of herself in the pilot episode of the television series " black lightning " , praising actor cress williams ' character jefferson pierce .
chan , who was also the writer and director of " fist of legend " , announced that donnie yen would replace jet li as chen zhen in the film .
laurent leclaire is a fictional character created by émile zola , first appeared in his own written novel " thérèse raquin " published in 1867 .
he made his major film acting debut in the film " walk the line " , playing johnny cash 's guitar player luther perkins .
much of the animation of the big tornado is taken from the 1935 " mickey mouse " cartoon " the band concert " .
the 3 good fairies from sleeping beauty also get introduced as teachers .
in " the fellowship of the ring " , old man willow cast a spell on the hobbits ( frodo , sam , merry and pippin ) , causing them to feel sleepy .
in " children of dune " ( 1976 ) , stilgar has asserted his protection over paul and chani 's orphaned children , leto ii and ghanima .
" the shooting star " was the first " tintin " adventure to be serialised daily in its entirety .
" superstar saga " was first revealed at e3 2003 under the name " mario and luigi " , where a playable demo of the game was available .
the second - published little house book , " farmer boy " features almanzo wilder at ages 8 to 10 in upstate new york .
the intro to " a link to the past " reveals the back story of the game , showing that series antagonist ganon was sealed away after his bid for the triforce .
in the old english poem " beowulf " ( lines 2016 to 2018 ) , hroðgar 's wife , wealhþeow , moves through the hall serving mead to the warriors and defusing conflict .
commander geordi la forge in " " and the young kunta kinte in the 1977 award - winning abc television miniseries " roots " .
commissionaire peterson is a character in the 1892 sherlock holmes short story " the adventure of the blue carbuncle . "
contemporaries of joyce and gogarty , on reading " ulysses " , differed over the extent to which buck mulligan was a fair and accurate portrayal of oliver gogarty .
some of her earliest off - broadway credits were in a 1958 production of " the crucible " as elizabeth proctor and as illse in a play version of " mädchen in uniform " .
