in the summer of 1886 and 1887 tom roberts and frederick mccubbin who had formed the heidelberg school of painting set up a painters camp at mentone to paint outdoors .
in 2012 - 2013 , the national portrait gallery , london presented an exhibition of ramsey & muspratt work exploring ramsey 's friendship with the bloomsbury group poet julian bell .
cuénod contributed to the revival of baroque music , performing compositions by francesco cavalli and others .
it was set by four british baroque composers - john weldon , john eccles , daniel purcell and gottfried finger - as part of a music competition held in 1700 - 1701 .
along with " bonnie and clyde " and " the graduate " , " easy rider " helped kick - start the new hollywood era during the late 1960s and 1970s .
he became involved with some members of the beat scene , notably herbert huncke and gregory corso .
many readers have also suggested the general song - like quality that the poem possesses when being read , in line with the jazz poetry tradition started by langston hughes .
his career might have faded into complete obscurity had it not been for the development of eliminative materialism by fellow university of manitoba philosophers paul churchland and patricia churchland in the 1970s .
sebastiano grasso said the works longaretti produced were in a range of styles between corrente and expressionism echoing the styles of gustav klimt , edvard munch , pablo picasso , and chaim soutine .
jean de cambefort ( 1605–1676 ) was a french baroque composer of ballets and liturgical music .
this was followed by four years in rome , where he cultivated contacts with the nazarene movement , led by friedrich overbeck und philipp veit .
giovanni maria morlaiter ( 15 february 1699 – 22 february 1781 ) was an italian sculptor of the rococo or late - baroque , active mainly in his native venice .
he advocated especially the personalism of emmanuel mounier and some of the aspects of unionism .
stanisław kubicki ( november 7 , 1889 in zeigenhain – 1942 in berlin ) was a polish painter , printmaker , member of the expressionist movement in the arts and literature .
the small head , elongated limbs , and cool color scheme all reveal influences from mannerists such as parmigianino , whose " madonna with the long neck " was also famous for anatomical distortion .
johann andreas herbst ( baptized june 9 , 1588 – january 24 , 1666 ) was a german composer and music theorist of the early baroque era .
the artists working in this style for spirou , including franquin , morris , jean roba and peyo , are often grouped as the marcinelle school .
later french composers of the renaissance include nicolas gombert , pierre de la rue , pierre de manchicourt , claude goudimel , pierre certon , jean mouton , claudin de sermisy , and clément janequin .
le maintien de l’ordre ( gallimard , 1961 ) , translated as law and order , is a novel by french writer claude ollier written in classic nouveau roman style .
an influential proponent of middle platonism was philo ( c.25 bce – c .
hitchcock did much work on music of the early baroque in france and italy , especially on marc - antoine charpentier .
sigurd swane ( 1879–1973 ) was initially influenced by the work of the fauves in paris when he began a series of paintings of woodlands rich in greens , yellows and blues .
the mountain named for thomas cole ( 1801–1848 ) , an artist who lived in the area , and is regarded as the founder of the hudson river school .
john everett millais 's " ferdinand lured by ariel " ( 1851 ) is among the pre - raphaelite paintings based on the play .
cracked nuts is a 1931 american pre - code comedy film directed by edward f. cline , from an original screenplay written by al boasberg and ralph spence .
gauguin , along with émile bernard , charles laval , émile schuffenecker and many others , re - visited pont - aven after his travels in panama and martinique .
the building was constructed in the greek revival style to the designs of john peter gandy .
new york school abstract expressionism , represented by jackson pollock , willem de kooning , franz kline and others became a leading art movement of the post - world war ii era .
the pre - code film stars joan crawford as prostitute sadie thompson and features walter huston as a conflicted missionary who wants to reform sadie , but whose own morals start decaying .
david meltzer ( february 17 , 1937 – december 31 , 2016 ) was an american poet and musician of the beat generation and san francisco renaissance .
melencolia i is a 1514 engraving by the german renaissance master albrecht dürer .
manuel cañete ( 1822–1891 ) was a spanish journalist , literary critic and playwright whose work is linked to romanticism .
letty lynton is a 1932 american pre - code drama film starring joan crawford , robert montgomery and nils asther .
gaston chaissac is often considered to be part of the art brut or outsider art category .
absurdism is also frequently compared to surrealism 's predecessor , dadaism ( for example , the dadaist plays by tristan tzara performed at the cabaret voltaire in zürich).richard drain .
" daughter of earth " has become a standard piece of proletarian literature because of its focus on the struggles of the working class .
for the fresco decoration of the interior , genga recruited a number of major mannerist painters , including francesco menzocchi , bronzino , dosso dossi , and raffaellino dal colle .
octav băncilă (; 4 february 1872 – 3 april 1944 ) was a romanian realist painter and left - wing activist .
ottavio amigoni ( 16 october 1606 – 28 october 1661 ) was an italian painter of the baroque period , active in brescia .
sherpa / romeo is a service run by sherpa to show the copyright and open access self - archiving policies of academic journals .
john the baptist is a sculpture by the baroque artist alonzo cano , housed in the national sculpture museum , valladolid .
the bloomsbury group in london was one example , providing a place where the diverse talents of people like virginia woolf , leonard woolf , john maynard keynes , and e.m. forster could interact .
during the 1950s , color field painting initially referred to a particular type of abstract expressionism , especially the work of mark rothko , clyfford still , barnett newman , robert motherwell and adolph gottlieb .
raggio 's research concentrated on renaissance and baroque sculpture , notably alessandro algardi and gianlorenzo bernini .
addressing issues of language and sign , kruger has often been grouped with such feminist postmodern artists as jenny holzer , sherrie levine , martha rosler , and cindy sherman .
after a time , romanticism was adopted in france with the plays of victor hugo , alexandre dumas , alfred de musset , and george sand .
the kindred spirits ( 1849 ) is a painting by asher brown durand , a member of the hudson river school of painters .
he was the head ( " scholarch " ) of the epicurean school in athens after the death of zeno of sidon around 75 bc , until his own death in 70 or 69 bc .
in august 1889 , several artists of the heidelberg school staged the 9 by 5 impression exhibition at buxton 's rooms , swanston street , opposite the melbourne town hall .
xu zhimo is a romantic poet who loved the poetry of the english romantics like keats and shelley .
the new german cinema of the 1970s and 1980s included films by directors such as fassbinder , herzog , and wim wenders .
antonio veracini ( 17 january 1659 – 26 october 1733 ) was an italian composer and violinist of the baroque era .
his only novel , " maría " , became one of the most notable works of the romantic movement in spanish - language literature .
in 1918 , he joined aleksei kruchenykh and others in the futurist group " 41 ° . "
morrison befriended beat poet michael mcclure , who wrote the afterword for danny sugerman 's biography of morrison , " no one here gets out alive " .
is a five - part choral anthem by the english baroque composer henry purcell ( 1659–95 ) .
the fragment depicts two figures representing the senses of taste and sight and was donated by david garnett and his wife angelica bell of hilton hall , who were members of the bloomsbury group .
one of the earliest known examples of pop art , roy lichtenstein 's " whaam ! "
dating from 1816 , the neue wache was designed by the architects karl friedrich schinkel and salomo sachs is a leading example of german greek revival architecture .
with the apprearence of the new athenian school ( or palamian ) , in the late 19th century , and the central figure of kostis palamas , the use of demotic greek became more acceptable .
in late 1910 , she came together with poets such as osip mandelstam and sergey gorodetsky to form the guild of poets .
le refus global originated from a group called les automatistes , led by paul - émile borduas .
the church of the epiphany was designed by noted philadelphia architect thomas ustick walter in the greek revival style .
lagoon is an afrofuturist novel by nnedi okorafor ( 2014 , hodder & stoughton ; 2015 , saga press / simon & schuster ) .
the neo - dada organizers were influenced by american neo - dadaists such as jasper johns and robert rauschenberg .
jean ricardou ( 17 june 1932 – 23 july 2016 ) was a french writer and theorist of the nouveau roman literary movement .
alfred thompson bricher was part of the american luminist movement , coming out of the hudson river school .
these include the san francisco and beat generation writers , gary snyder , snyder 2005 jack kerouackerouac 1958 ; ( w. gary snyder as japhy ryder ) and allen ginsbergsuiter 2002 , pg .
the prophet daniel is one of the seven old testament prophet 's painted by the italian high renaissance master michelangelo ( c. 1542–1545 ) on the sistine chapel ceiling .
claudio pari ( 1574 – after 1619 ) was an italian composer , of burgundian birth , of the late renaissance and early baroque eras .
the symbolist poet valery bryusov admired the deceptive simplicity of sologub 's poetry and described it as possessing a pushkinian perfection of form .
in parallel , călinescu contended , bogza 's path mirrored those of italian futurists such as ardengo soffici and filippo tommaso marinetti and that of the french " hussards " leader paul morand .
a first marriage , to julia strachey , a member of the bloomsbury group , ended in divorce .
and ph . d after research and dissertations on the flemish baroque painters sebastian vrancx and abraham janssens .
françois rebel ( 19 june 17017 november 1775 ) was a french composer of the baroque era .
april 2009 in addition to musical acts , the label recorded beat poets lawrence ferlinghetti and allen ginsberg and comic lenny bruce .
he cofounded and edited the harlem renaissance literary magazine " saturday evening quill " and edited a magazine put out by the boston john reed club .
under a second pseudonym , aldo camini , he published anti - philosophical prose , inspired by the italian representative of metaphysical art , carlo carrà .
during the 1950s , color field painting initially referred to a particular type of abstract expressionism , especially the work of mark rothko , clyfford still , barnett newman , robert motherwell and adolph gottlieb .
the musicians or concert of youths ( c. 1595 ) is a painting by the italian baroque master michelangelo merisi da caravaggio ( 1571–1610 ) .
it was designed , in the postmodern expressionist style , by italian architect massimiliano fuksas .
the neoclassical or empire style building is an early work of the architect auguste de montferrand .
horace walpole ’s study was decorated and designed by italian painter jacopo amigoni in the late - baroque / rococo style .
his time in rome coincided with a fervent new interest in classicism among the young french " pensionnaires " , under the influences of piranesi and the publications of winckelmann .
the runaway bride is a 1930 american pre - code crime film starring mary astor , lloyd hughes and paul hurst .
clément janequin ( c. 1485 – 1558 ) was a french composer of the renaissance .
seen as a symbol of independence by serbs , the tower is mentioned in the writings of french romantic poet alphonse de lamartine and english travel writer alexander william kinglake .
in the work , which features opera , dance and theatre , chok played yukiko , a japanese woman haunted by the losses of her father and beat writer richard brautigan .
on may 21 , 1854 , paul giéra formed the félibrige movement with fellow poets frédéric mistral , joseph roumanille , théodore aubanel , jean brunet , anselme mathieu and alphonse tavan here .
saint - sulpice had been founded by jean - jacques olier , one of the leading exponents of what came to be known as the french school of spirituality .
it follows the route of the romantics – percy bysshe shelley , lord byron and john keats .
black fire i is a display of abstract expressionism painted by barnett newman , in 1961 .
johann baptist zimmermann ( 3 january 1680 , gaispoint — 2 march 1758 , munich ) was a german painter and a prime stucco plasterer during the baroque .
expressionism is represented by such figures as edvard munch , franz marc , oskar kokoschka and emil nolde .
william of ockham ( c. 1288 – c. 1348 ) was an english franciscan friar and scholastic philosopher .
he married johanna maria van diepenbeeck , the daughter of the prominent baroque painter abraham van diepenbeeck , on 25 july 1681 .
at the same time he started writing to galazio louloudi ( the blue flower ) under the influence of maurice maeterlinck and the symbolist movement , then spreading among contemporary dramatists .
oscar wilde , one of the main proponents of aestheticism , is depicted at the right behind the boy in the green suit , with signature lily buttonhole , surrounded by female admirers .
boff became one of the best known supporters ( along with gustavo gutiérrez , juan luis segundo and jon sobrino ) of the early liberation theologians .
the philosopher johann georg hamann is considered to be the ideologue of " sturm und drang " , with jakob michael reinhold lenz , h. l. wagner and friedrich maximilian klinger also significant figures .
